--- Page 1 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/about-us/
Title: About Us - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: About Us - About the Institute Kongunadu Educational Charitable Trust educates to think deeply, live honorably and engage the intellectual and social challenges of their times. Dr.PSK . R. Periyaswamy our beloved chairman is a magnanimous person who came to rise far and wide from a humble family. With this Kongunadu Educational Institutions he also is chairing PSK Engineering & Construction, leading and renowned builders in Tamilnadu State and also the Managing Director of Saranya Spinning Mills Pvt Ltd, Namakkal . As a multidimensional personality he wants to leave his footprints in the field of education with broad objective of imparting quality education for the students to shape them entirely with the well designed curriculum which can make them to enhance their individual caliber to meet the requirements of present day scenario in the recruitment process of various industries and companies. View Academics Play Video Kongunadu Educational Charitable Trust has been established in the year 2006 to provide educational service to the rural people and the weaker sections of the society as its motive. In order to achieve this motive, the members of the trust proposed to start an engineering college titled Kongunadu College of Engineering and Technology, which is ideally located in a sprawling 70 acres of lush greenery campus on the Tiruchirappalli- Namakkal state Highways. The college comprises of well designed buildings accommodating lecture halls and well equipped laboratories meeting the quality norms prescribed by Anna University, Chennai and AICTE, New Delhi. Accredited By NAAC and NBA( CSE,ECE ,EEE & Mech ). Kongunadu Educational Charitable Trust is an independent body that provides quality education, furthers knowledge through basic and applied research, and serves the diverse needs of our local, state, national and international constituencies. 3000 + Students 300 + Professors 9000 + Alumnis 500 + Publications Kongunadu Educational Charitable Trust is an independent body that provides quality education, furthers knowledge through basic and applied research, and serves the diverse needs of our local, state, national and international constituencies. An organizational culture that values and encourages intellectual curiosity, a sense of belonging and shared purpose among faculty, students and staff, and pursuit of excellence in all endeavors; Recruiting and developing faculty who are well recognized as educators, scholars and researchers; Recognition as an effective, innovative, technology-focused educational and research institution; Recruiting and retaining a high-quality, highly selective and culturally diverse student body; Continuous improvement in the quality of campus life for members of the university community; Providing personal and career growth opportunities for both traditional and nontraditional students and members of the faculty and staff. Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

--- Page 2 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/chairman-message/
Title: Chairman Message - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: Chairman Message - Chairman Message Dr.PSK.R.Periaswamy Kongunadu Educational Institutions I strongly believe that serious, sincere and systematic dedication to work will always lead to progress and consistent development, ultimately resulting in success in life. Kongunadu Educational Institutions is committed to fostering an environment that nurtures talent, innovation and integrity, while promoting holistic development. We believe in empowering our students to achieve academic excellence and reach their highest potential by providing a platform for intellectual growth, personal development and research. Our dedicated and experienced faculty, staff and state-of-the-art facilities create a vibrant community where students can share knowledge, develop skills and embrace the values of education needed to succeed in their careers with passion and a commitment to serving society We take pride in our inclusive and diverse community, which upholds the values of discipline, responsibility and creativity. With a strong foundation in academics and a focus on developing leadership skills, we aim to prepare students for the challenges and opportunities of the future. I look forward to witnessing the continued growth and success of our institution and the remarkable achievements of our students and faculty, who are making a positive impact on the world. Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

--- Page 3 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/trustees/
Title: Trustees - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: Trustees or Board members name -  Board of Members S.No Name of the Member Designation 1 Dr. PSK. R. Periyasamy Chairman 2 Er. Konkan. K. Thangavelu Secretary 3 Dr. PST. VS. Thennarasu Treasurer 4 Er. PSK. P. Arunkumar Vice-Chairman 5 Er. P. Ashokkumar Joint Secreraty 6 Mrs. S. Thilagavathi Member 7 Mrs. P. Lakshmi Member 8 Mrs. P. Saravanadevi Member 9 Mrs. A. Anitha Member 10 Mrs. A. Revathi Member Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

--- Page 4 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/principal-message/
Title: Principal Message - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: Principal Message - Principal Message Dr. R.ASOKAN B.E., M.S., M.Tech., Ph.D., Kongunadu College of Engineering and Technology Education is the most powerful weapon and engineering serves as a pathway to addressing the most demanding challenges of our society while shaping a sustainable future. Our vision is to empower students with technical expertise, critical thinking abilities and leadership skills, equipping them to excel in the dynamic world of engineering Our institution is equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure, a dynamic curriculum aligned with industry needs and a dedicated team of highly qualified faculty. We emphasize a holistic approach to education by blending academics with research, innovation, sports, extracurricular and co-curricular activities, thereby creating well-rounded professionals who make meaningful contributions to society. We take immense pride in our hi-tech infrastructure, which includes advanced laboratories, modern classrooms and cutting-edge research facilities that foster an environment conducive to exploration and discovery. Our alumni network, spread across the globe, stands as a testament to the quality of education and training imparted at KNCET. Many of our alumni hold esteemed positions in top organizations and have significantly contributed to their respective fields. At KNCET, we strive to cultivate an academic environment that inspires creativity, innovation and critical thinking. I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our stakeholders for their unwavering trust and support in our mission. We aspire to continue our journey as a globally recognized institution, preparing students to face challenges with confidence, emerge as leaders and contribute positively to society. Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

--- Page 5 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/vision-mission/
Title: Vision & Mission - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: Vision & Mission - Vision & Mission VISION To become an Internationally Renowned Institution in Technical Education, Research and Development by Transforming the Students into Competent Professionals with Leadership Skills and Ethical Values. MISSION Providing the Best Resources and Infrastructure. Creating Learner-Centric Environment and continuous Learning. Promoting Effective Links with Intellectuals and Industries Enriching Employability and Entrepreneurial Skills Adapting to Changes for Sustainable Development Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

--- Page 6 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/grievance-redressal-cell/
Title: Grievance Redressal Cell - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: Grievance Redressal Cell - GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL CELL Kongunadu College of Engineering & Technology has evolved a fruitful and useful mechanism to find out solutions for the day-to-day problems and grievances of the students. A Grievance Redressal Cell has been constituted in Kongunadu College of Engineering & Technology in accordance with the regulations of University Grants Commission. OBJECTIVES To maintain a fair, unbiased, and consistent system for redressal of various issues faced by the students. To ensure strict confidentiality so that students approach the Grievance Redressal Cell without the fear of any vindictive activity. To maintain a conducive atmosphere and relationship between the students and faculty without giving any chance to widen the gap between them that may arise because of certain simple misunderstandings. To ascertain that immediate suitable actions are taken by addressing the faculty or by requesting the management depending upon the nature of the grievance. Mechanism of Grievances and Redressal Cell The Grievance Redressal Cell has been formed solely to provide solutions for the grievances of the students which arise then and there. The students drop their grievance letters in the suggestion boxes provided in our campus or send online to the email gr@kongunadu.ac.in. The grievances dropped in the suggestion boxes are collected periodically and they are analysed by the committee and forwarded to the concerned department for remarks. After receiving the remarks, the committee discusses about them, takes suitable actions to solve the grievances if found genuine. On receipt of the grievances the Grievance Redressal Cell scrutinizes, analyzes carefully and discusses with the concerned person to find out on amicable solution without affecting the interests of both the parties. The students are fully free to submit their grievances regarding academic or personal matters in the meeting. A formal review meeting will be convened to deliberate the proceedings of the grievance received from the student. If the grievances are pertaining to the decision of the management, the committee will submit a report to the management with its remarks or recommendations. If the grievances are found to be not reasonable, the students are explained about the impossibilities to implement them. In all cases maintaining strict confidentiality is ensured by the Grievance Redressal Cell. Composition of Grievances and Redressal Cell A Grievance Redressal Committee has been re-constituted for the academic year 2022-2023 with the following faculty members to address the complaints and suggestions received from the student. 2023 - 2024 2022 - 2023 2021 - 2022 2020 - 2021 2019 - 2020 2018 - 2019 2017 - 2018 2023 - 2024 S.No Name of the Committee Member Address Membership 1 Dr.R.Asokan Principal, KNCET Chairperson 2 Dr.D.Jagadeesh HoD, Department of Mech Convener 3 Dr.C.Saravanabhavan HoD, Department of CSE Member 4 Dr.S.Kavipriya HoD, Department of Civil Member 5 Dr.K.Baskar HoD, Department of AD Member 6 Dr.A.Nithya ASP/Mech Member 7 A.Sujipriya Student AG Member 8 K.Sugash Student AD Member 9 S.Shirley Pricilla Student BME Member 10 R.Logesh Student Civil Member 11 M.Sivanesan Student CSE Member 12 V.Suryagayathri Student ECE Member 13 T.Thinagaran Student EEE Member 14 N.Nithiya Shree Student IT Member 15 J.Bharathiraja Student Mech Member 2022 - 2023 S.NO DATE OF MEETING GRIEVANCE ACTION TAKEN 1 28.09.2022 Students raised a complaint regarding darkness in the front of boys hostel while taking tea at night time. The focus light was fixed on the required place. 2 Students need additional water facilities during break time since they face difficult to fetch water due to overcrowd. The additional water canes were kept in each floor. 3 Students requested to arrange Industrial Visit to other States. Students of all the departments were taken for industrial visit to other states from 20.10.2022 to 22.10.2022. 4 18.11.2022 BME Students requested to arrange core company training. Sufficient insights has been delivered to the students through the Value Added Course on ‘Medical Coding’ on 10.02.2023 & 11.02.2023. 5 Students want to avail On duty during coaching examination time also. Provided OD for the students during coaching examination to attend event in reputed colleges. 6 Students asked to keep one more tumbler in water doctor to avoid crowd. Extra one tumbler was kept in water doctor. 7 02.03.2023 Girl Students requested to organize Women’s Day celebration in a grand manner Women’s day was celebrated on 08.03.2023 in a grand manner. 8 Hostel students asked to spray mosquito repellent liquid to avoid mosquito bites and other insects. Mosquito repellent liquid is being sprayed in the hostel at regular intervals. 9 Students are interested to organize Hackathon this time also like previous year. Hackathon was organized during the month of March and April. 10 Hostel students informed the difficulty of getting net connection in some places of the hostel. Made availability of WiFi accessing portal in all the places of the hostel. 11 Students requested to provide pups snacks in the engineering block itself due to overcrowd in the canteen and also they face difficult to go to the canteen within a break. Arranged pups and snacks daily in the engineering block for the students from 08.03.2023 onwards. 2021 - 2022 S.NO DATE OF MEETING GRIEVANCE ACTION TAKEN 1 04.08.2021 Students are asked to do internship training Program through online to update the current industrial technologies and its demands Suggested to make arrangements for virtual Internship training through convenient online mode. 2 Students insisted to conduct placement training in the college Permitted to conduct the placement training in the college with strict adherence of COVID measurements 3 Students are requested to provide entrepreneurship training programme through online Decided to provide an Entrepreneurship training programme for promoting innovation and start-up culture inside the campus through Kongunadu Innovation Council(KIC). 4 04.09.2021 Students requested for applying new passport, aadhar corrections etc. Informed the faculty incharge to make an arrangement for the same. 5 Students requested to do mini projects and to do hackathons idea implementation works on college premises itself. A separate hour is allocated from 4PM to 5PM for doing mini projects and to prepare for various competitions like hackathons, paper presentations in symposiums and conferences. 6 Students asked to provide some free and open source software for self learning purpose. Suggested to register in IIT spoken tutorial. 7 06.10.2021 Students requested to conduct extra coaching in order to prepare well for end semester examination. Permitted to conduct third coaching based on students’ willingness. 8 Students requested to give Japanese Language Training and Placement support Planned to give Japanese Language Training and Placement Support in the next semester. 9 Students requested to provide support for getting internship. Provided guidance to register in AICTE internships in AICTE Internship Enterprise portal 10 03.03.2022 Students requested to conduct Japanese language inside the campus instead of online mode Permitted to conduct Japanese language training inside the campus itself. 11 Students insisted to organize various programmes in the physical mode for more effectiveness. Planned to organize programmes in the physical mode hereafter and also instructed the student coordinator to involve in all kind of arrangements. 12 Students requested to conduct Hackathon for all the departments with more events on different days. Suggested to conduct Hackathon as per students desire. 13 02.04.2022 After the COVID-19 lockdown, Students requested to do offline internship program at companies The committee permitted the students to do offline internships at industries as per the protocols given by the Tamil Nadu Government. 14 Students asked to take them for Industrial visits to get a practical exposure. Planned to give Japanese Language Training and Placement Support in the next semester. 15 Students are interested to participate in Internal MSME Hackathon 2022 for promoting entrepreneurship. Allowed to participate in Internal MSME Hackathon 2022 to promote entrepreneurial skills. 16 04.05.2022 All the final year students asked for a farewell party celebration. Discussed and approved to conduct farewell along with parents meeting and offering placement order as Trio Fest. 17 Students wanted to perform a guest performance during any programme. Gave approval to perform the guest performance during Multimedia Valedictory function and Trio Fest. 18 Students asked for coaching classes in the evening. Permitted to conduct coaching classes and also made bus arrangements in the evening. 2020 - 2021 S.NO DATE OF MEETING GRIEVANCE ACTION TAKEN 1 04/09/2020 Students asked more practices for Multi Choice Questions (MCQs) in all the subjects Decided to give more practices and test for MCQs in all the subjects. 2 07/10/2020 Students requested to provide more videos on lab experiments apart from Virtual lab through Online mode Suggested to provide additional videos to the students inspite of taking virtual lab through Online mode 3 04/11/2020 Students found difficult in attending End Semester Online Exam in their native places due to poor connection of network. Provided facilities for attending End Semester Online Exam to those students in the college itself. 4 03/02/2021 NIL NIL 5 03/03/2021 Final year students asked permission to attend virtual conference. Permission granted to attend the virtual conference. II and III year students asked to recap the topics which were taken through online mode. Informed the subject handlers to revise the portions taken during online class. 6 03/04/2021 Final year students asked for more placement classes to get placed in MNCs. Informed CTC staff to give more training for placements. Students requested to conduct Mock Test before the End semester exam Permitted to conduct the Mock Test 2019 - 2020 S.NO DATE OF MEETING GRIEVANCE ACTION TAKEN 1 04/07/2019 Eligible students from mechanical department asked for TCS special training apart from regular training to get placement. Permitted those students for the TCS special training along with other eligible students of circuit branches. 2 Mechanical students want to use R&D lab for their mini projects. Permitted to use R&D lab for their mini projects. 3 Students of circuit branches need a seminar in the area of power. Decided to conduct a seminar on power by ICTACT 4 The students requested to allow for Industrial visit during this month. Allowed to go during the month end holidays. 5 07/08/2019 Mechanical students asked to conduct seminar on ‘Solar Heat’ for their project work. Decided to conduct Seminar on ‘Solar Heat’ 6 Students of all circuit branches requested to provide facilities for NAD registration. Permitted to use net lab and other departmental labs for NAD registration for all the branches of students. 7 Students of all the branches asked technical support for submitting project in TNSCST Provided the required technical support for the students to complete their project 8 04/09/2019 Students of circuit branches requested to conduct competition on Coding apart from Talk Shop. Decided to conduct competition on Coding for the students. 9 Girl students suggested to conduct competition on Talk Shop exclusively for girl hostellers’ in the hostel venue. Agreed to conduct the competition on Talk shop for girls hostellers’ in the hostel venue 10 Students of all the branches requested to arrange for applying passport. Arranged all the arrangements and other facilities for applying passport. 11 04/10/2019 Nil Nil 12 03/01/2020 Student wants to celebrate the pongal with cultural events. Decided to conduct a Motivational programme along with the dance performance. 13 Students requested to make arrangement for Aadhar card corrections or changes. Asked to arrange a team from outside to carry out the corrections or changes in the Aadhar card. 14 Students desired to improve their scoring in the unit test. Allowed those students to appear for the improvement test. 15 04/02/2020 Students requested to increase the timings of cultural events for each department. Permitted to provide extra minutes to each department for the cultural events 16 Students also requested to give more time for annual day dance practice. Cancelled the improvement test and allowed to practice for the cultural events. 17 03/03/2020 Students asked more coaching classes for practicing and to secure good marks Permitted to conduct more coaching classes and exams 18 03/04/2020 NIL NIL 2018 - 2019 S.NO DATE OF MEETING GRIEVANCE ACTION TAKEN 1 20/06/2018 Placement and research activity during the GMT hour for above average students of III & IV year of all the departments. Permitted if the CGPA is above 7.5 2 04/07/2018 Nil Nil 3 04/08/2018 Night study in hostel itself for all the Hostellers. Permitted if they pass in all terminal exams. 4 04/09/2018 Joining in IIT spoken tutorial by II & III year Mechanical & Civil students. Permitted so as to improve the technical knowledge. 5 04/10/2018 Nil Nil 6 04/01/2019 Nil Nil 7 04/02/2019 Outside faculty to be the judges for cultural programme in annual day function. Agreed to invite the judges from outside for cultural programme in annual day function 8 04/03/2019 Boys Hostellers wants to celebrate hostel day this year after long gap. Permitted to celebrate the hostel day for both girls and boys hostellers on the same day with a condition of not breaching the rules. 9 04/04/2019 Arrear students asked to conduct special coaching classes for all the arrear subjects they have. Agreed to conduct special coaching for all the arrear subjects for all the arrear students during the college hours. 2017 - 2018 S.NO DATE OF MEETING GRIEVANCE ACTION TAKEN 1 04/07/2017 To give welcome address and vote of thanks in the functions by students themselves. Allowed to organize the functions by students themselves irrespective of II, III & IV year of all the departments. 2 04/08/2017 Organizing the technical events by students themselves in technical Symposium. Students were allowed to organize the functions irrespective of II, III & IV year of all the departments. 3 07/09/2017 Nil Nil 4 04/10/2017 Extra coaching class for tough subjects Decided to conduct extra coaching for tough subjects 5 04/01/2018 Awareness program for higher education Instructed the coordinator Higher Education Cell to arrange such programs for III & IV year of all the department students. 6 05/02/2018 Certificate or shield instead of cash prize for the dance in the annual day function Decided to give Cash prize and certificate. 7 05/03/2018 Extension of coaching time for III & IV year of all the department students. Coaching time increased from 6.00 to 6.30 pm. Cancellation of night study in the hostel during coaching period. The students were allowed to study in their rooms. 8 04/04/2018 Special coaching for arrear students Decided to conduct special coaching to clear the arrears for all year of all the department students. Categories Grievance Redressal Cell Discipline & Welfare Anti-Ragging Planning and Monitoring board Academic and Administrative bodies SC/ST Welfare Internal Complaints Committee(ICC) on Sexual harassment Admission Committee Student Welfare Committee Academic Council Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

--- Page 7 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/grievance-redressal-cell/
Title: Text from PDF at https://kongunadu.ac.in/grievance-redressal-cell/
Content: KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECH NOLOGY Namakkal - Trichy Main Road, Thoulrpatti Post, ThottiamTaluk, Trichy, Tamilnadu -621 215. ADMISSION COMMITTEE The Admission Committee is constituted to decide on the Admission related matters of the College . S.No Name of the Member Category Designation 1. Dr. R Asokan Chairman Principal 2. Mr.K.Balasubramanian Member I Year HOD 3. Mr. K. Kumar Member AP/ECE 4. Mr.S. Balasubramaniyan Member Technical Head 5. Mr.B.Mohan Member PA to Principal 6. Mr.S.Palanivel Member Director of Physical Education 7. Mr.P.Saravanakumar Member Physical Director 8. Mr.G.Pichai Rathinam Member Public Relation Officer FUNCTIONS: The committee will look into: 1. The matters relating to Admissions of the students at both UG & PG level. 2. Provides all information related to admissions under Counseling Quota and Management Quota to the students and parents. 3. Issue Notifications for AICTE fee waiver, Sports, First Graduate, SC /ST Scholarship, Management merit scholarship & physically challenged students Admissions as per the guidelines issued by State Government. 4. Submit the list of Admissions made by the college to the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE) , Chennai and get approved. 5. Provide s information about our college Past results, Placement, Infrastructure facilities, College/ Faculty/Students Achievements, related information to both parents & students .

--- Page 8 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/grievance-redressal-cell/
Title: Text from PDF at https://kongunadu.ac.in/grievance-redressal-cell/
Content: KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECH NOLOGY (AUTONOMOUS) Namakkal - Trichy Main Road, Thoulrpatti Post, ThottiamTaluk, Trichy, Tamilnadu -621 215. STUDENTS WELFARE COMMITTEE Student welfare committee works on some basic functions for the welfare of a student which includes the following:  Academic Result Improvement through Effective Mentoring  Creating Industry ready graduates by giving Soft Skills, Technology Based Training, and Research Skills & Perso nality development of students .  Providing training on latest technology through Centre of Excellence.  Motivating the students to utilize the Laboratories  Affording internship training through various Industries .  Providing strategic plan for curricular and co curricular activities  Conducting various activities to enhance the skill set of students in both curricular and co-curricular activities through department associations.  Motivating the students to involve in NSS/YRC related activities.  Arranging License and Passport s to students  Distribution of BC, MBC, SC/ST scholarship to the deserving candidates and renewal of Scholarship details. S.No Name of the Member Category Designation 1. Dr. R Asokan Chairman Principal 2. Dr.J.Yogapriya Member Dean(R&D) 3. K.Sridhar Member Placement Head 4. Dr.P.Arul Member COE 5. Dr.D.Jagadeesh Member HOD/Mech 6. Dr.C.Saravanabhavan Member HOD/CSE 7. Dr.M.Dharmalingam Member HOD/ECE 8. Dr. S. Kavipriya Member HOD/ Civil 9. Mr T Ashok Member HOD/BME 10. Dr.R.Shankar Member HOD/EEE 11. Mr.N.Premkumar Member HOD/IT 12. Dr.K. Balasubramanian Member HOD/S&H 13. Dr.N.Karthikeyan Member AP/Maths 14. S.K.Karthikeyan Member AP/Mechanical 15. K.Mohanraj Member AP/EEE

--- Page 9 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/governing-council/
Title: Governing Council - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: Governing Council - Governing Council Governance is the key activity that acts as a bridge between the management and stakeholders. The institution has a strong governing council made up of different luminaries from various walks of life that devices all policies and decisions related to both academic and administration. To ensure the efficiency and effectiveness of governing council, a number of academic and administrative bodies have been formed with duties and responsibilities. The governing council of the college meets twice in a year, to discuss various issues and aspects contributing to the development of the college. During the meeting the suggestions from planning and monitoring board are resolved. It chalks out a roadmap in order to achieve the goals of the institution. Major Responsibilities of Governing Council Uphold the legal stature of the college in line with the policies of AICTE, UGC, State Government and affiliating university (Anna University) or any other body or agency. Taking decisions regarding the intake and addition or discontinuing of any program and instructing the Principal to take formal steps with the affiliating body to put this into action. Fix the fee structure and any charges applicable in accordance with the recommendation of the affiliating university. Approve the budget for the respective financial year. Functions of Governing Council Amend and approve policies from time to time. Approve the appointment of faculty members recommended by the selection committee of the institution in accordance with the norms prescribed by AICTE and Anna University. Construction and maintenance of infrastructure and amenities for the institution. Review of academic performance of the institution and suggest remedial measures, if required. Mobilizes funds and utilize the resources maximum, towards the development of the institution. Introduction of new programs and/or increasing intake/closure of programs/reduction in intake. Implement the recommendations of the planning and monitoring board. Review of highlighted feedback summary of stakeholders and planning for corrective actions towards the satisfaction of stakeholders. S.No Name Position 1 Dr. PSK. R. Periyasamy Chairman, Kongunadu Educational and Charitable Trust, Trichy. Chairman 2 Er. Konkan. K. Thangavelu Secretary, Kongunadu Educational and Charitable Trust, Trichy. Member Management 3 Dr. PST. VS. Thennarasu Treasurer, Kongunadu Educational and Charitable Trust, Trichy. Member Management 4 Er. PSK. P. Arunkumar Vice-Chairman, Kongunadu Educational and Charitable Trust, Trichy. Member Management 5 Er. P. Ashokkumar Joint Secretary, Kongunadu Educational and Charitable Trust, Trichy. Member Management 6 Mr. C. Suresh Babu Executive Director of SJLT Group Mills, Namakkal. Member AICTE Nominee 7 Dr. R. Jothi Venkatachalam Deputy Director (Affliation), Anna University, Regional Office, Tiruchirapalli. Member Government of Tamil Nadu Nominee 8 Dr. R. Asokan Principal, Kongunadu College of Engineering and Technology, Trichy. Member Secretary 9 Dr.J.Yogapriya Dean (R&D), Kongunadu College of Engineering and Technology, Trichy. Member 10 Dr.M. Dharmalingam HOD-ECE, Kongunadu College of Engineering and Technology, Trichy. Member 11 Nominee of AICTE Ex-Officio Member 12 Nominee of DOTE Ex-Officio Member 13 Nominee of Anna University Ex-Officio Member Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

--- Page 10 ---
URL: https://kongunadu.ac.in/contact-us/
Title: Contact Us - KONGUNADU COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Content: Contact Us - 👍🏻 Your Name Email Address Subject Your message Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Send message Feedbacks Speak to our Friendly team. info@kongunadu.ac.in Call Us Mon-Fri from 9am to 5pm +91 8012 505 000 Visit Us Visit our office HQ. Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. Apply Now contact us visit us About Us Courses Placement Facilities Events Namakkal-Trichy Main Road, Tholurpatti Post,Thottiam Taluk,Trichy Dt - 621215. admission@kongunadu.ac.in +91 8012 505 000 Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Designed by

